At the beginning of this training I said that we would aim to have a site with about 100 posts to start
off with.
That's a lot of posts.
If you had to write one a day it would be a lot of work.
Given that each one needs to be unique focused on a particular keyword and relevant to Google Search
paying for high quality articles is not an option.
Because it's too expensive and even the best articles spinning has no place on a quality web site like
yours is going to be.
The answer is to use YouTube video transcripts the transcripts and the videos are publicly available
and it's breaking no kind of rule or ethics to publish the content on your own site.
In fact it provides extra exposure to the video creator.
Particularly if your post goes to the top of page one.
In addition to the video embed I also link out to the creators channel as an extra Thank you.
Into your focus Keywood into youtube search
choose a video with a title that contains that key word or a very close variation of it and click it
to view.
Click on the three dots underneath the video and choose Open transcript.
The text will appear on the right hand side
default settings is to display the timestamps click toggle time stamps to remove them
copy all of the text and paste into a word processor.
As you can see the text is truncated into half sentences with double spaced lines between click Edit
and choose Find and Replace
set the find field to the oldest.
And enter a space in the replace field
click replace all and the text will be normalized
now.
Set the text size to 11 on the font to Colibri before continuing.
We need to verify the uniqueness of this text in Google.
You can use an online plagiarism checker or simply choose two or three short sections and copy paste
them into google search
surrounded by speech morgue's and click for the results.
If no results are found you can proceed.
The last stage in preparing the takes ready for posting is to punctuate and separated into short paragraphs
of a few sentences each
the punctuation phase is the most time consuming but with a little practice it becomes quite quick.
In the next lesson we're going to take this text and create a structured post using the lessons for
s c o that we learned previously.